hi I'm Karl from Harry's army-surplus
here to tell you about the t-rex pack
from rapid dominance t-rex packs
measurements are sixteen by nineteen by
eleven and with its two thousand two
hundred and ninety eight cubic inches of
storage space the t-rex designed pack
all your stuff when your travels last a
day or more the t-rex pack is
constructed of 1000 denier Cordura
water-resistant nylon not only makes the
t-rex pack rugged but durable its front
main compartment gives you ample storage
space for a lot of gear along with a
pocket for your hydration system and an
inside storage pocket the lower front
compartment is designed as an organizer
- what else keep you organized your
upper compartment keeps all your
important gear close by to external
compartments here and on this side
combined with the two on your hip belt
gives you quick access to all your
emergency gear or a deer that is
necessary full mesh line back with
padded shoulder straps and a padded hip
belt to allow you comfort mesh lining to
LA breathability so it keeps you cool
for those long hauls sternum strap to
keep your shoulder straps in place
please line cell phone pocket keep those
emergency calls close by
backside apartment to either put
notebooks or maybe even a laptop
fleece-lined eyeglass storage case
compression straps to keep your gear in
place from shifting around
Molly straps on the outside of the pack
to allow you to attach accessory pouches
for emergency gear drainage holes in the
bottom in case your pack gets wet this
is the t-rex pack from rapid dominance
it's not only a great pack but it also
comes with a lifetime warranty and you
can get yours at Harry's army surplus or
@ww Harry's army surplus net